entertainment1: In entertainment news, United States President Barack Obama released a video today of him reinacting Frozone's Super-suit scene from Disney's The Incredibles. Fans have been requesting this of the President since his first term began.
entertainment2: Last night, in a shocking turn of events, Leonardo DiCaprio finally was awarded an Oscar for Outstanding Performance in Film in the Past Century.
entertainment3: Monthly Book Sales numbers have come in, and the highly criticized Teen Dystopian Novel, "Renegade Number 7" book sold a total of five copies. It looks like people are growing tired of reading the same story again and again.
entertainment4: Today we celebrated the grand opening of the Museum of Influential Images in London. The M.I.I. includes images that gained popularity over the internet through social media.
entertainment5: We have just received news that George R.R. Martin passed away in his home in New Mexico last night. Next to the body, investigators found a single slip of paper. On the paper was written "King Ramsay Bolton."
political1: The United States government is in quite a pickle this evening, after the electoral college declared their Presidential Election to be a tie, when the deciding vote was given to a third party candidate. To make matters worse, the popular vote also resulted in a tie.
political2: The States are finally figuring out their education problem, with their congress passing a bill today that would limit academic institutions from charging students more than $10 Thousand in tuition per year.
political3: Vladmir Putin announced today that Russian spies discovered plans from the North Korea to invade Russia this winter. Being left out of information, North Korea must not be aware of how big of a mistake they would be making.
political4: The People's Republic of China has announced today that they are putting an embargo on the rest of the world. Reports indicate that the reasoning of this is to eventually remove the stereotype that everything every one owns was made in China.
political5: Parliament approved the legalization of the Black Market today. Reports suggest that legalization the trade of previously illegal goods and services will help strengthen the economy as well as lower crime rates.
world1: In a shocking announcement to the world today, Vladmir Putin announced that Russia plans to start the construction of an artificial moon to orbit the planet. When asked why, Putin responded with "Don't ask me questions."
world2: Out of nowhere, Canada began an invasion of Alaska today, taking over the state's capital in an unprecedented display of Canadian might. What this means for the states, we will find out in the next few days.
world3: As global warming continues to be a threat, we saw a glimpse of the future today, when helicopters flying over the Polar Ice Caps observed a small amount of land underneath where a large glacier used to stand.
world4: With their recent advances in travel technology, France has begun to emerge as a power in the global economy. 
world5: Today we received the results of the ballot for the 2028 Olympics. It looks like athletes will be spending their summer in Boston. 
sports1: The International Cheese Rolling Championships are being held next week in Luxembourg. We asked a participant what they thought Cheese Rolling represented, but they could only say that there was no hidden meaning to it. Our investigation will continue.
sports2: The Commissioner of the National Americal Football League, Roger Goodell, stepped down today after heavy criticism of his management of the league since taking over. The celebrations of many Americans could be heard all the way in Cuba, according to our sources.
sports3: It was confirmed today that undisclosed electronic sports will be an official event by the time the 2052 Summer Olympics roll around. It is unknown what sort of esports will be used for the games, but this marks a new era for the games.
sports4: Following his match on "WWE Superslam" last night, Wrestling Superstar John Cena was permanently banned from Wrestling, after investigations revealed that he was not acting, and actually hurting the other fighters. 
sports5: Wimbledon happened over the weekend, headlined by a match between Venus and Serena Williams in the Woman's Finals. It was a long match, with the final set ending with a score of 55-53 favoring Williams. 
technology1: Apple released the iPhone 12 today, featuring the first completely unbreakable screen. In unrelated news, there were multiple deaths in cities across the world today, all due to people dropping their phones from large heights onto city streets.
technology2: Kraft Foods has announced today that they plan on entering the Video Game market, showcasing their own console, the KraftBox. It is set to release this holiday season with one launch title, World of WarKraft.
technology3: A Japanese Artificial Intelligence testing facility announced today that a machine embedded with their Artificial Intelligence escaped today. Officials are searching high and low for it, encouraging the masses to not worry.
technology4: It was announced today at a worldwide technology conference that The United States, Russia, and Japan would begin a joint operation to research and develop a means of teleportation. If successful, this could reduce carbon emissions in the ozone layer.
technology5: Next month, NASA will begin construction of an airlocking dome to surround Earth's moon. If successful, colonization of Earth's moon would be able to begin as early as 2050.
